Previously on Siren...
God. what happened?
Kind of hard
to believe someone
when they tell you
they just saw a...
-Mermaid. yeah.
-There's something else.
The military came
and took Chris.
Where am I?
Your ancestor lost his mind.
He and his shipmates slaughtered
those beautiful creatures.
What really happened
back then?
Why the sudden interest
in the family history?
Look.
There's another one?
Sisters.
Is that who
you're looking for?
We're ready
for extraction?
Whoever did this had to be of
substantial size and strength.
Everything okay?
Things are fine.
Just a case I'm working on.
In their natural state.
they see you as prey.
Their instinct is to kill.
Siren was renovated
by Freform for 2 season !!! Yesss
Hey.
Hey. baby.
You're up early.
Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
They were some
pretty gruesome photos we saw
at your dad's.
Maybe we're jumping
to conclusions.
A bear could have
killed that guy.
When was
the last time a bear
climbed into a car
and threw a 200-pound man
straight out a windshield?
We should get
to Miss Hawkins'.
Yeah.
She almost killed you
in the water.
My dad found non-human blood.
If she was
in that guy's car.
I think we both know
who killed him.
This is
Kermit the Frog speaking
from The Muppet Theater.
Uh. listen. I need
to hire a bunch of spies
for a closing number.
Where did you go
last night?
Outside in the dark?
Night.
Yes.
Where did you go?
Huh?
Fully paralyzed rodents.
Study Group 1A.
They receive 30 ccs
in a 12-hour cycle
from the thalassic
specimen only.
In the second group.
we're gonna mix her DNA
with human DNA.
per my instructions.
And then lastly.
is our control group.
We'll increase the dosage
if the white blood cell
count changes.
What is it you think
we'll see?
Probably
a lot of dead rats.
-Hey!
-Xander. what the hell?
I gotta talk to you.
-Get out!
-Seriously. Xan!
I'm not kiddin'!
It's important!
Get out. you perv!
You get out. Janine!
Xander. man.
what the hell?
I got a text from Chris.
What does it mean?
There's one thing S.O.S. means.
He's in deep shit.
-Whose number is that?
-No clue.
There's only one way
to find out.
No. You gotta go. Janine.
We got stuff to do.
-Go screw yourself.
-Yeah. would if I could.
My jacket?
I'll call you.
Yeah. don't bother.
Okay. thanks. Bye.
Really. man?
We gotta find out
whose phone Chris texted from.
It's voicemail.
He just texted.
Maybe he had to turn
the phone off
or the battery died.
Hi. This is Donna Stevenson.
Please leave a message.
-Who the hell's
Donna Stevenson?
Is she doing okay?
She's restless as hell.
She went out last night.
God knows where.
We need to ask her
some questions.
They found a body.
Where?
-Outside of town
in a car.
It's Xander.
He got a lead on Chris.
They're gonna try
to find him.
-The missing fisherman.
-Yeah.
The military medevaced
him off the North Star.
The military?!
How do they know about this?
Yeah. that's great news.
All right. bye.
Xander got a text
from Chris.
He's gonna try
and track the phone number.
If he gets a hit.
we'll meet up.
follow the trail.
Okay.
Sister. Now we look.
Ryn. Ryn? Stop.
-Please?
-[sharp breath]
We have to ask you
some questions. okay?
When you first came here.
looking for your sister.
did you get in a car
with a man?
-A car.
A man in a car?
We go.
Ryn. this is important!
-Yaah!
-[Helen] Ryn. no!
Maddie? Maddie?
Maddie. are you
okay?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fine.
Ryn. you can't hurt people!
Okay?
You're stronger than us.
You're very strong.
You don't know
what you're dealing with.
There she is.
Donna Stevenson.
lives in Bremerton.
Oh. yeah.
Says she's
a registered nurse.
I'll get the address.
Right. Got it.
Let's go.
You sure you're okay?
-Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
-All right.
This is what I've
been trying to tell you.
This will end very badly.
You need to find
her sister quickly
and get them both
back into the water
before it's too late.
Look. Miss Hawkins.
we appreciate your concern.
really we do.
but you're applying some
crazy fictional mythology
to a scientific discovery.
I mean. there
is another species
on this planet.
one that we can
communicate with.
That's the problem
right there.
She's a species to you.
There's way more
to the world than science.
You should know that.
You were raised
by a Haida man.
Those are made up stories.
Don't you ever let
your step-father
hear you say that.
And you.
just like your ancestors.
refusing to acknowledge
your past.
destined to repeat it.
I'm gonna open my store.
Whatever you do.
don't leave her alone
and don't make her angry.
Morning.
Hello. Sheriff.
Just had a few questions
if you don't mind.
Did you find that girl?
The one who threw
the pole at me?
Uh. not yet.
Opioids.
Damn epidemic.
Yes. it is.
Does this look familiar?
It's my daughter's
sweatshirt.
the one she stole
off the line.
-Mmm.
-That blood?
It's possible
this girl's involved
in something more criminal.
Any chance of you coming
down to the station
and helping us piece
together a description?
Well. you know I will.
Just grab my purse.
All right.
Look. Ryn?
Now. you're very smart.
Okay. so I'm gonna try
and explain something to you.
Your sister
could be anywhere.
maybe very far from here.
It's gonna be very difficult
to find her.
but we are going to try.
Our friend Xander.
he's looking.
Maybe he'll find something.
If he finds our friend.
he may know where
your sister is.
Okay.
Yes.
Now. in the meantime.
we would like to know
more about you.
To learn.
Like last night.
you asked me questions.
I learn.
Yes.
So will you
come with us
to our rescue center
so that we can learn?
About you.
I will go.
then we find sister.
Morning. hon.
We have tickets
to the theater on the 16th.
-Ah. the theater
-Mm-hmm.
Wouldn't miss it.
Hoping for two intermissions.
Ha. I'll see if I can
arrange it.
Breakfast?
Uh. no. thanks. Sylvia.
I'm gonna grab something
on the way in.
Thank you. Syl.
I was thinking about
doing my benefit
for the clinic
on Tuesday
the following week.
-Sounds fine.
-Are you sure?
That's usually
your night out.
That why you picked it?
No. dear.
Yeah. I can make it work.
You must have a very
understanding girlfriend.
All the women
in my life are gems.
right. Syl?
If you say so.
Oh. uh.
Ben came by to see me.
-Did he?
-Mm-hmm.
About what?
Well. he was asking questions
about the Pownall history.
What kind of questions?
He wanted to know
about the. uh...
the family lore.
It was strange
the way he asked. though.
-What do you mean?
-Uh. his tone.
It was accusing. like he
thought I was hiding something.
Well. what would make him
ask about that now?
You got me.
Helen Hawkins maybe.
Oh! That woman
loves to stir the pot.
Yes. she does.
You know.
he should know better
than to listen to anything
she has to say.
I'm worried about him. Ted.
He never comes by.
he never calls.
He's just finding himself.
They all go through it.
He'll come back.
In the meantime. I hope
you didn't tell him.
Tell him what?
Your family
was batshit crazy.
Of course I did.
Take a look around. honey.
It's no secret.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. Hey.
So your sister.
can she change on land
the way you do?
Ryn. your sister.
can she change on land
the way you do?
Yes.
Sister change.
But hard.
Pain.
Wait. is that why
you tried to hurt me? Ryn?
Ryn?
Is that why you tried
to hurt me?
In the water?
Because you were in pain?
No.
In water. we fight.
I kill.
Or you kill.
All right.
Thank you.
What do you got?
I wanted you
to see this. sir.
This is Group 1A.
They were
the fully paralyzed rats.
They received
pure DNA from the creature.
How can this be?
It's extraordinary.
My God.
All right.
Hey. Ryn.
Can you tell me how many
of your species there are?
How many like you?
Is it just you
and your sister?
-Or...
-No.
Many.
And the others.
the ones like you.
like your sister.
do they want
to come here on land?
Land bad.
I learn this.
Hey. hey. it's okay.
It's just...
It's just a phone.
Hey. Xander?
What did you find out?
Not much. but we know
whose phone Chris
called from.
It's a nurse.
lives in Bremerton.
So you think they got him
at a hospital?
No. I doubt it.
The sheriff called around
when they first took him.
came up empty.
but we're headed
to her place now.
Can you meet us?
Actually.
I-- I can't right now.
Why not?
I'm kinda
onto something here. too.
Wait. Give it here.
-Oh. yeah? What?
-Put it down.
Uh. I'm trying
to figure out
what it is
you guys caught on the boat.
Hoping maybe it'll lead us
to the guys who took it.
Yeah. yeah. that's good.
Let me know
if you guys find Chris.
and. uh. I'll meet you ASAP.
-All right. cool. Later.
-[phone beeps]
You were right
as rain. boss.
Yeah? About what?
That was the victim's blood
on the clothing you found.
I'm thinking
an animal came across it.
dragged it from the scene.
and that's why we found
non-human blood.
Week ago.
my biggest problems
were a bar brawl
and a meth lab.
Now I've got a murder
and a missing fisherman
on my hands.
You check in
on Chris Mueller's
family like I asked?
They still haven't
heard from him.
His mom's pretty freaked.
Can't say that I blame her.
I'd feel the same
if my kid disappeared
in the middle
of the Bering Strait.
So what do you got?
That's her.
Okay.
Primate intelligence test.
You're kidding.
right?
No. There are 25 images
on this chart I gave her.
Now. when I get
this screen to work.
she'll see
the same 25 images.
only they'll be scrambled.
All right.
She puts them
in the same order
as the chart.
Is the screen working?
Uh. yeah.
She did it.
Yes. she did.
How long we gonna sit here
till she comes out?
What makes you so sure
she's even here?
That's her car.
It's registered at the DMV.
I saw it online.
Okay. so let's just
go knock on the door then.
And say what?
The military took our friend
when they captured
the mermaid
and he texted us
from your phone?
Well. we gotta do something.
She knows where Chris is.
He could be dying right now
as we sit here on our asses.
Use your head
for. like. a minute.
Please. She's not gonna
tell us anything.
and if we scare her.
she's not gonna go
anywhere near him.
so just chill.
I don't know.
She's gonna lead us
to Chris.
I know she is.
Let's walk over there.
Yeah. up on here.
Good.
Wow. 1-9-6.
That can't be right.
Hold on.
One second.
Yeah.
1-9-6.
Wow. We're gonna have to do
a bone density study.
You like that?
I'll show you
how it works.
It's okay.
All right.
Press there.
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ You wake
the wild howling rebel in me ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ You rev me up ♪
- Okay. okay. okay.
-♪ Ain't slowin' down ♪
-Never again.
-♪ Yeah. I always
find the beat ♪
-Reflex test?
-♪ No. don't quit now ♪
♪ And let me down ♪
♪ Oh. you keep me singin'
all by yourself ♪
-All right.
-♪ We got such
a beautiful thing ♪
Just relax your foot.
♪ We got such
a beautiful thing ♪
♪ We got
such a beautiful thing ♪
Wow.
Reflexes working.
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
Who's that?
It's Janine.
I'll call her back.
You can't be
such a dick to her. man.
-What?
-I'm just saying...
That's just Janine and me.
It's always been that way.
Yeah. well.
I don't want my best friend
and my girl
to be hating on each other.
Janine's your girl?
-We're hangin' out.
-Sorry. man.
Thought you guys
were just screwin'.
Yeah. we were. but...
now we're not.
Okay.
-That's her.
-You sure?
Yeah. I saw a picture
on Facebook.
Hey. Dad.
Hey. Got the invoice reports
from last week?
Right here.
Up from the week before.
Griffin's really
comin' through for us.
-That's a great deal
you set up.
-Thanks.
Hey. I was wondering
about that letter
you drafted to the board.
I meant to talk to you
about that.
I think it's
a great idea
bringing Ben in
as a consultant.
Environmental advisor--
sends a great message.
That's what I thought.
PR-wise.
I mean. you know.
he's never gonna play
the role you play.
Obviously.
Right.
But. uh. it'll make
your mother happy.
Makes sense.
Invoice reports.
You think he'll do it?
Depends on our approach.
We both know your brother.
How long
can you stay here?
On land?
Last time.
she only lasted a day.
Ryn?
You might need to get back
in the water soon.
No.
Find sister.
You might have to.
No! You say help me.
You say this.
How long's
she been like this?
Several hours.
Minimal movement.
oxygen levels depleted.
pulse slowing.
Hang in there.
The worst is over.
You find sister.
You say this!
Ryn. we're trying.
We've got people looking.
Oh. hey.
How's it goin'?
Hey. Jerry.
What are you
doing here?
Came to feed the lions.
That's cool. I can do it.
I'm here now.
I might as well.
Hey. I'm Jerry.
I am Ryn.
Ryn's a friend
of mine from school.
Oh. cool.
What's with the camera?
You guys shootin'
a porno?
Ah...
he's onto us.
Don't you need to get
the sea lions fed. Jer?
Right. Sure thing.
We better lock
this stuff up.
Got a text from Xander.
They're following that nurse.
Call him.
Okay.
There you go.
Yeah. one more.
Good girl.
Hey. You scared me.
- It's okay.
So. uh. go to school
with Maddie. huh?
You must be
really smart. too.
I don't know what
you guys are doin' later.
but I'm havin' a party.
-At the Siren Song.
What?! What?!
It's a motel on Route 84.
I manage it on weekends.
It's gonna be epic.
You wanna go?
Go?
Yeah.
You will take me.
Sure. I'll take you.
Yeah. I'd--
I'd love to take you.
So call me back.
Let me know
what you find out.
We'll meet up.
All right.
let's tell her.
Yeah.
Hey. you want a beer?
Beer.
So. Ryn.
you an exchange student?
That can't be easy.
You know. I hear that English
is one of the toughest
languages to learn.
Yes. I learn.
Well. you are doing great.
Okay.
we're looking for her.
Let me know if you see her.
She hasn't shown up
at Helen's.
Did Jerry text you back?
He was outside.
He might have seen her leave.
No. not yet.
Think she went
back in the water?
Not the way she was
talking earlier.
Come on. Let's go.
Let's look in town.
We've been following her
for a while.
It's a dead end. man.
She's heading toward 84.
That'll take her
out of town. and maybe
she's going to work.
Just run her off the road.
We'll corner her.
Oh. yeah.
'cause attempted murder
will definitely make her talk.
Just chill.
Hey. You smoke?
No smoke.
Ryn.
Yeah. smoking sucks.
Can you get that?
Yeah.
It's Jerry.
He's having a party.
Big surprise.
-Wait. pull over.
-Why? What?
Look.
Let's go.
Can you see her?
No.
Hey. there's Jerry.
Hey. Bro.
Hey.
Doug. what are--
what are you doing here?
Thought you might be here.
Cool.
Hey. Maddie.
Hey. Doug.
Do you want to grab a beer?
There's something I want
to talk to you about.
I'd love to.
Really. I would.
I just-- I'm looking
for someone right now.
Can we do this a little later?
Maybe you better
talk to him.
I'll find her.
All right. Go.
Her DNA is showing
enormous potential.
We are
accelerating the testing
based on what we're seeing.
I'm afraid we'll
have to reconsider
the rate at which
we're moving. Admiral.
And why would we do that?
You can see by our numbers
that the extractions are
affecting her adversely.
Well. my concern
at the moment is
results. Decker.
Respectfully. we have
to slow the program down. sir.
She's in distress.
Well. I'm sorry
about that. I am.
But we're making
progress here.
You need to do
whatever it takes
to get this program
on track
and keep her alive.
So what's up?
I just wanted
to grab a beer.
just hang out.
Talk about this plan
Dad's got.
What plan?
He wanted to see
if you'd do some work with us.
We've been through this
a million times.
No. we haven't
been through this.
You've been
through it with him.
Okay. sure.
Listen. it used to be
you and me. right?
On the same team.
-We are.
-No. no.
Now you act like
it's you over here.
and I'm with Mom and Dad
somewhere else.
I don't get it.
What did I do
to make that happen?
Nothing. Doug.
You didn't do anything.
There she is.
I got it.
-Who?
-Just one of--
one of Maddie's friends.
Night swim!
Ryn. Ryn!
Ryn! Ryn. get out!
Oh. God.
All right. shut it down!
Everybody. out of the pool.
Let's move. people!
Noise complaint!
Party's over. guys.
We were just heading out.
Hey. is Maddie here?
She must have just left.
Hmm.
Oh.
You seen this girl?
No. Uh. who is she?
It's a person of interest.
Young people's party.
Thought she might be around.
-You guys get home
safe. all right?
-Sure thing.
Let's talk later.
Ryn. Ryn. Ryn!
Come in. In. In.
The police are out there.
Danger.
Where the hell are we?
Some kind of military fort?
There's no way
we're getting in there. man.
Chris is in there.
I'm not gonna
just drive away.
We gotta try.
Yeah. they don't look
like they're coming
to give us directions.
No. they do not.
Go! Go. go. go. go. go!
I'm going!
Ryn. you're not safe
out there.
You must stay here.
[sharp breath]
Why didn't you change
when you went in the water?
Not my water.
Not your water?
Oh. you mean
you need ocean water.
No. no. no. no.
you have to stay here
until the police are gone.
Police.
People who might be
looking for you.
Trust me.
You're safer here.
Trust?
I say something.
and it's true.
I promise.
No. You not look
for sister.
We are. Ryn.
We have people helping us.
If you believe me.
this is trust.
It's an idea. um...
Something we believe?
Freedom.
Love.
What-- What you feel
for your sister.
Trust.
This is hard.
Yes.
Very hard.
Some people I trust.
Some people hurt me.
That's right.
Like man
in car.
Yes.
He hurt you?
The man in the car?
He try.
Um. let's dry you off.
You don't have to run
away from us.
You are afraid...
of me.
You in there?
Yeah. we're here.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
It is.
[police dispatcher]
One-Mary-Quinn-11.
what is your request?
What are we doing
back here?
When she gets off duty.
we corner her. find
a way into that place.
Chris is in there.
I know it.
Let's just go
to the cops first.
This is so much bigger
than the cops. Calvin.
The military
blew them off. remember?
There's something in there
they do not want them
to know about.
Yeah. and we know what that is.
Yeah. sure as hell do.
That's the number
I called earlier.
Well. answer it. man!
It might be Chris!
Hello?
Hello.
who's this?
Who's this?
It's Donna.
You called me?
Sorry. I left
my phone at work
and my battery died.
Were you trying to reach me?
Who is this?
What the hell are you--
Why'd you do that. man?
[heart monitor beeping]
What was I supposed to do?
Ask her about Chris?
She's in there with him.
We need to get her alone.
She was alone
this morning in the house.
You said
she wouldn't talk.
Look. I don't know
what to do.
Okay?
What are we gonna do?
Nothing.
We're gonna wait right here.
and we're gonna
make her talk.
Admiral.
What can I do for you?
NSA just sent
facial recognition
from your lure's video feed.
We know who found it.
I'm sending it to you now.
Benjamin Gregory Pownall.
26 years old.
a marine biologist
at the Bristol Cove
Mammal Research Center.
It's late.
Helen will be asleep.
You'll stay here tonight.
Good night.
I'm changing protocol.
We're putting a hold
of all extractions.
Are you sure. sir?
The admiral seemed to
think accelerating the--
I'll keep him updated.
Testing is suspended
indefinitely.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm